Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Lauren Kelly: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you, I'm good.
Lauren Kelly: What's new with you anything going on with your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: sinus headache, you know, sinus. Oh, that's fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about you.
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: I'm I know
Lauren Kelly: I'm going in this weird place right now. I don't really know how I feel about anything.
Lauren Kelly: I
Lauren Kelly: Like I can I start telling you
Lauren Kelly: yesterday about how do you remember the stuff like that happened last week and I was going to write him an email and stuff and
Lauren Kelly: I had started doing that and like Tuesday night I reached out to him. I had texted him. I love you because that's just something like we normally do. And he just didn't texting back for days and I was. I didn't sleep. I didn't eat and I just started realizing like
Lauren Kelly: This just it's not good for me and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if I'm starting to think like we love differently. We forgive differently and like I think the love he's capable of and the forgiveness, he's capable of is like so different from mine.
Lauren Kelly: You mind when like I forgave him for, you know, betray me. And going back to his after his wife or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: When he came back I didn't torture him. I just like basically like let him backfill like open arms everything they want
Lauren Kelly: Months later, he still wants to torture me with all these, you know, and it just makes you think, Is this like a future I'm signing up for it, you know, and, um,
Lauren Kelly: We didn't we actually, we have finally talked on Friday afternoon and I was telling him, so I just recently found out the friend of mine that I'm staying with
Lauren Kelly: Is basically. So he started dating this girl he met online from Kenya, like a couple months ago and now they're talking about like getting married in a location and
Lauren Kelly: Basically, like he he's a really socially awkward kind of guy he doesn't pick up on. And like I really is used for card.
Lauren Kelly: Thing I don't know the way to do that. But basically the when his friends lived in this house for 10 years and he's about to move out of it. So I literally have three to four weeks definite please
Lauren Kelly: I'd kind of mentioned that to Paul and political, you know, I think it will take me longer to find a place in the Bible, and he's just like downplaying it, and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: You don't get it, that this is like where I live. Like, I can't just be like, oh, it will take longer than than that and forget about it. I have to like get moving on this. Now, you know, because I otherwise I'm going to end up on the streets and
Lauren Kelly: He just wasn't taking it seriously and whatever, and
Lauren Kelly: That he was telling me love me, and he missed me and you really want to see me and all that stuff. Um, oh yeah and I left out. So Thursday was both my 60 days and it would have been our seven month anniversary and he left this big
Lauren Kelly: You see these flowers.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, see left this big thing of flowers in my car, a new pair of shoes like to page handwritten letter.
Lauren Kelly: No, I'm a card. Oh yeah, actually I should
Lauren Kelly: Letter.
Lauren Kelly: So it was that was our anniversary. And I actually had a president for him to put that I went left at his house leaders that I didn't, I didn't want to see him or anything, just like he left mind in my heart. So I was with my father in law and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so it was just funny. I don't talk to them all week and then he leaves all these like Valentine's Day presence and stuff but um so I told you when I left there on Monday I left that note saying how
Lauren Kelly: You know, I thought we had kind of works through through some things obviously we have and I need to take a step back to kind of have the ability to deal with this. The most healthy way possible.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so here's his letter to me that hero Thursday, I'm
Lauren Kelly: my dears, Lauren. Let's begin with the most important thing 60 days. Congratulations, Dave. I'm so proud of you. And you should be proud of yourself.
Lauren Kelly: It has been a wonderful thing for me to see the amazing transformation. You've already undergone in such a short time it pleases me greatly to see you down a path of living your life to the fullest potential.
Lauren Kelly: I've always told you. You're the most amazing person I've ever met. It excites me to see how much you've done in 60 days, but I'm even more excited to see the next 66 months one year three years you have so much to offer the world.
Lauren Kelly: You have so much to offer. And the world is a much better place with the healthy Lauren and Kelly, again, a big, big, big. Congratulations. Now for the second half of the next most important thing. Happy seven month anniversary baby meeting you literally changed.
Lauren Kelly: My life. Thank you for showing me the way in love. I didn't know existed. I love you learn more on our month of bursary in the car.
Lauren Kelly: I'm obviously read your letter Monday night. I'm sorry that I said some things on Sunday that really upset you.
Lauren Kelly: I wish you would have said something so we could have talked about it as we both agreed on our communication is best when we're in person and is worse in Britain for I've decided to respond in this letter as it seems to me that you that you are preferring written communication.
Lauren Kelly: Which is stupid because I text him on Tuesday, trying to start the conversation and stuff and you didn't
Lauren Kelly: Do anything back. So, okay, whatever. Um, I would have liked us to spoken to spoken a person if that wasn't an option for you that you could have called
Lauren Kelly: In your letter you wrote you naive Lee thought we had worked through some things
Lauren Kelly: I apologize if I give you the impression that was the case. Due to the fact that our time together has been limited. I always just wanted to have a very positive experience with you.
Lauren Kelly: I wanted to spend time with you. I wanted to see your continued growth. I wanted to see if my level of trust for you was growing and in parentheses. It says, the answer is yes.
Lauren Kelly: That written after you believe or when I was alone and reflected on us, there would be some moments that I struggled with.
Lauren Kelly: There was a lot of damage done to our relationship. And there are things that are very difficult for me there are still certain things and certain moments that pain.
Lauren Kelly: The reason I brought things up on Sunday night is because I was starting to wonder how things would look with us back together.
Lauren Kelly: I love how you were progressing. I liked that I was gaining more and more trust in you. I miss you like crazy that written as I said, on Sunday, there are still some things that don't seem to end to add up to me.
Lauren Kelly: If you were to, if we were to commit back to each other than I just didn't want there to be any more surprises or skeletons from the past.
Lauren Kelly: When the time comes that we decided to intertwine our lives. Again, I want it to be. For the last time, I was just hoping to get clarity on some things I was actually going
Lauren Kelly: To ask you what us being back together look like to you specifically in terms of actions and accountability towards one another. You wrote, I'm going to stay away for
Lauren Kelly: A while, just so I have the ability to work through these issues in the most healthy and productive way possible.
Lauren Kelly: The inference here is that being around me. Is it the most healthy for you for this. I hope you can forgive me. It saddens me on a level greater than, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Not my presence in our relationship is currently having a negative effect on your health.
Lauren Kelly: I'm so sorry. So again, I never said that. All I was saying, which he knows is I've been getting really overwhelmed when things happen. And so instead of acting emotionally in that moment, I
Lauren Kelly: telling myself to take a step back and lighten to try to process things and were, you know, kind of separate the thoughts, instead of filling them all at once, you know, and addressing them individually and and I can't do that all in that one freakin moment, you know, and I
Lauren Kelly: Mean, and so I never said it wasn't. I said, I need to take a step back, so I can handle it smells good way. I never said you're unhealthy. You've been around you is bad for my health. I never send those. So he's just, you know, deciding, whatever that I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm, I'm so sorry. Lauren I apparently still have things that I need to work through
Lauren Kelly: You being the best version and healthiest version of yourself is all that matters. I'm going to respect your wishes to stay away for a while I to need to work through these issues.
Lauren Kelly: Please know that I think about you nonstop on Tuesday I kept wondering about your eyebrows. So I got this thing that where I get my eyebrows tattooed because when I had cancer. I lost all my body hair so I look like I'm like I just like the cancer patients. I had that
Lauren Kelly: And today, I can't stop thinking about 60 days, seven months and your big call results with Planned Parenthood. So I was supposed to get the results last Thursday about that.
Lauren Kelly: The screen for the cervical cancer that they they ended up not having the results and told me to call back in like a week so that, but um
Lauren Kelly: I wonder, all, all day about your results. I hope you receive really positive news. I love you, Lauren, even when we were apart. Please know that I am always your man. I always think of you as my woman I love you so much, always your fault I'm
Lauren Kelly: So after that.
Lauren Kelly: I had dropped off my president, and I had written a letter and back, and he just said he kind of addressed if you those things like I never said you weren't healthy. I was just trying to do things to help us read for me.
Lauren Kelly: And and that I do agree that you know we do better talking in person. And through this sort of thing so
Lauren Kelly: You know, whenever you're ready. You know, my, my doors open, you know, anytime that you're ready to talk about it within I don't hear from him at all. Um,
Lauren Kelly: You know, the next day. Oh, and then finally the next day he calls me and
Lauren Kelly: I by that time, I was just like so fed up with the just sitting around and waiting and like me not eating and not sleeping and like all of these things that is just like
Lauren Kelly: I feel like it's right in front of me like it. I just keep saying to myself, like the Serenity Prayer like God grant me the courage to accept the things I cannot change the courage to change the things that I can, and the wisdom to know the difference. So
Lauren Kelly: There are certain things I can change, I can change my behavior that I can change how he still can't change, like the fact he wants to punish me forever. I can't change.
Lauren Kelly: That literally like this this on and off thing and like he said they didn't let her, like, you know, he still going through all these issues. And I guess he doesn't trust me and all that, but he still wants to hang out with me. So it's like you know he's often
Lauren Kelly: compared me to like an addiction for him that he's got this like porn addiction and that like when he doesn't see me for like a couple days he starts to like kind of go crazy and and
Lauren Kelly: And by like the third or fourth day he's like losing it. And, and so it's like I feel like
Lauren Kelly: I said that to my said, I feel like you get your little boring fix. And then you do whatever you can to make people make sure you send me on my way. And then I have a week not sleeping and not eating and feeling like a horrible.
Lauren Kelly: Person and and it's just, it's not working for me anymore like I've been trying so hard to hear and and he said
Lauren Kelly: And then obviously, because he starts telling people about it all of a sudden he's like, well, no, no. I think we should talk in person and they said
Lauren Kelly: Well, I left you that letter like three days ago saying I wanted to talk in person like Only now do you want to talk first now that you feel me pulling away and he was like
Lauren Kelly: I just, I just wanted to talk about being on the same page. I said Paul, it's obviously we haven't been on the same page for a long time. And I think that's obvious to both of us. That's not a secret. It's we haven't been
Lauren Kelly: And I said, well, yeah, I will admit, I have had a wallet, but I am trust you more and and you're just you're so wrong here. You're reading this thing so wrong. Like I'm
Lauren Kelly: I actually want to make these steps and all that and like in the letter, where he says he wanted to talk about us getting back to other
Lauren Kelly: Bullshit. Because why didn't you that day like you ask me those questions about my past, I answered them completely. And honestly, and then you just rolled over and went to bed and he's saying like, oh, I actually those so we could talk about getting back together like
Lauren Kelly: Then why didn't you that's bullshit. You know what I mean like it wasn't like I stormed off and ran and cried. I was there I sat there for hours waiting like nothing happened. You know what I mean. So it's he likes to like
Lauren Kelly: create these situations and then dig his way out of them later. Oh, no, no, this is what that was, or whatever. But, um,
Lauren Kelly: I just and I started crying. I got like upset and I didn't even think I was going to get upset, but I just said, you know, Paul, you don't realize that like this shit that
Lauren Kelly: We're going through it fucking kills me. And I don't need for days and I don't sleep and and it's not. I just can't just keep just throwing myself on the fucking
Lauren Kelly: With the same when you throw yourself on this something to be like slaughtered with that. There's like a saying.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, I just keep throwing myself out. I do it like everything you asked me, I just emotionally give you everything that you asked for and everything that you need and then
Lauren Kelly: When you've had enough when you've gotten your fix. It's like, then I have to just, I don't know. It just, it just isn't working for me anymore and
Lauren Kelly: I just and at one point a, I was I was trying to do, and he was. He kept asking me, oh, cuz I gotten good news. The day before, and I had called him to tell them I have good news, and he didn't call me back for like hours, which again is just like him being a dick and
Lauren Kelly: And because that's just it's it's different behaviors from the way he used to be. So Tim, putting up a wall and just being a deck and like again wanting me whatever he wants me but then whenever I want or need him.
Lauren Kelly: The walls up, you know, and that's emotionally. I just can't deal with this up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down like not this early my recovery. I just can't deal with it and
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: I was. Yeah. And then he kept saying, Well, what was your good news. Those are good news, and they just, I don't know what to tell you about like I
Lauren Kelly: Again, I said, You know, you're not my person anymore. You're not that person. I go to the share good news with you're not the person I go to to share. Bad news with you're not. You're just, you know, and I needed. I need the sooner that I realized that like
Lauren Kelly: The more I can move on, you know, and do better for myself. But as long as they keep clinging on to like
Lauren Kelly: You're going to be that person and oh when they get news I call you. But then I wait for hours or days for you to call me back or whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: I just can't do that anymore. And I was crying, and he said, Do you want me let you go. And I said, Yeah, definitely. And I just signed up and we have not. That was like Saturday.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, you know, it is what it is. I mean, I'd be lying if I said like I wasn't feeling more depressed since then.
Lauren Kelly: But it's not like the times before where like, I'm just up all night and I'm crying all day like it's not like that. This time, like I cried on the phone, not one time, but I haven't cried and
Lauren Kelly: There's a weird part of me like
Lauren Kelly: Again, like getting my life together. It's been really busy like anybody that knows he has been like, oh my god, Lauren, you're so busy lately, and it's weird because I'll have appointments like
Lauren Kelly: Whether it's group or therapy or a dentist appointment or my eyebrows or or plan or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: I have like two, three appointments every day that I've been going to have, like, you know, because I've neglected so many things for so long. So I'm so busy now just tried to
Lauren Kelly: I've been at DMV a bunch like just do you know trying to put all these pieces back together.
Lauren Kelly: And so I've kind of just been focused on the last few days of just, Oh, I gotta do this, I gotta do that and just checking things off the you know list and
Lauren Kelly: So right now, like my new project is getting everything organized that I have
Lauren Kelly: Here at my friend's house because I know he needs to start moving soon I need to start finding a place to move soon. But first, organizing,
Lauren Kelly: I finally paid off my storage unit. I've had the storage unit that I've had for like over a year, but I haven't had access to because I've been behind on the bill. So they put like you're not going to. I finally got access to it on Friday.
Lauren Kelly: Which was huge, because that meant I got access to the safe. I had which
Lauren Kelly: Inside my safe. I had my birth certificate and my social security card and I had like the title paperwork to my car.
Lauren Kelly: And all those things I needed to be able to get an idea my ideas expired. And so to get like a bank account. So I think in an apartment. I need the ID. So it was just so getting getting
Lauren Kelly: My hands on that paperwork was huge. And so now, now I'm going back and forth from the storage unit and kind of bringing stuff here in order so I'm doing all the stuff every day.
Lauren Kelly: You know, to me, I mean, as far as I can, by being super productive and getting stuff done. And I get more done in one day than they used to get done in like a month and buying
Lauren Kelly: Like easily like not not even exaggerating like
It went
Lauren Kelly: Like alone. So I've been working out like crazy. Yesterday I did like 600 crunches. I did 300 or no no I did 415 lunges. I did 250 squats. Like, I'm just like, doing crazy like we're not like crazy.
Lauren Kelly: I'm in between as I'm like putting stuff away. I'll do, I'll do a few boxes and then I'll work out, and then I'll do a few more boxes and and I'll work out. And so I've been trying to keep myself busy with like healthy, productive.
Lauren Kelly: Me, but obviously always like creeps back in because it's it's kind of always like the overriding thought, you know, if, like, you know, there's just things that will happen that
Lauren Kelly: I want to talk to him about or that I want to tell him about or whatever. And I'm just not. And again, also, like, you know, usually the old him would be following me. He's not calling or anything so
Lauren Kelly: It also makes me wonder, you know what's going on. Maybe he realizes the same thing. Maybe he's just good and like, okay, cool, whatever. Um,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, but, um, I do know the longest we've ever gone without talking has been four days and like the entire time. We've known each other in today's day three, so
Lauren Kelly: I'm just interested to see how like the next couple days ago because usually, I met someone at like finds a way to talk to me. Um,
Lauren Kelly: But I honestly feel like if he did his typical thing where he'll show up or call and, like, say, you know, we need to talk in person like
Lauren Kelly: One thing I decided on Saturday was like the next conversation we have is going to be on my terms of not
Lauren Kelly: You know, because it's always been on his terms like when I lived in the same remote party. He was just walking at 6am ok now let's have this big conversation and having your phone and blah, blah, blah. And they were always
Lauren Kelly: On his time frame in his schedule and it's always been that way and and so the next time that
Lauren Kelly: He's ready to talk or wants to talk or wants to address things I'm not just going to jump at it, you know, I'm like, so if it were today.
Lauren Kelly: I would say, you know, I'll give you a call in a day or two, you know it's it's not something I'm not just going to or if you were to show up. I would literally say like, I'm not coming out you know it because he can't come in here it is. I'm a key here, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So all you do is hide and whatever. And I mean, I don't really think you'll do that. I mean the fact he's not even calling kind of makes me think he's not really worried about it but
Lauren Kelly: I
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, I just, I just can't open think like in the next month. I really have focused on doing whatever I can to get an apartment to get housing.
Lauren Kelly: To figure these things out. And as long as I just spend days and days like hoping that you know he and I are going to get back together. Maybe that I'm going to move back into the apartment. When did like I'm just losing more time at me getting my
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I feel like the last 60 days of me being clean. I could have been working towards getting an apartment, but instead I was working so much unlike Paul and I and like trying to get that back on track and like
Lauren Kelly: I just need to realize like, that's not gonna happen. Probably. And again, when I was saying those things to him. You say, and I was reading it all wrong and that he is hurting this trust and whatever. But it's like
Lauren Kelly: I just still feel like I'm
Lauren Kelly: Being treated like crap is the right way to say it, but like, it's just fucking painful all the time. And I just, I'm not saying like, I want to use but like it. It just, it's just not good for me, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I just can't have him just torture me and this huge wallet and keep your arms length all the time. But then when he wants me, help me stay there for four days and tell me. He loves me all day and spend every waking moment with me, but then
Lauren Kelly: When he knows I'm leaving. Make me feel like property says
Lauren Kelly: My waist. When he can, you know, comfort himself. This is why I'm sending her way, you know, because she's a bad person, or whatever. It's just I can't, I can't, you know, we've been over these things and over these things like
Lauren Kelly: I just think of the ways like I could have tortured him when I took him back that I never did. And
Lauren Kelly: And I just, I sometimes think, like, is this even a love I want in my future, because if there's someone who truly like and never forgiven never let go, like when I'm capable of doing those things for him and have proved that
Lauren Kelly: Is that really something I want to put years and years into, you know, is that I don't know, I just, um,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, I just almost this sounds really selfish, but I almost feel like the relationship, just not serving me anymore, you know, and the only way it is, is negatively and and I get that I deserve probably all of that and then some
Lauren Kelly: But I've the rest of my life to deal with the things I deserved. Like right now I have to worry about staying clean and staying healthy and getting a roof over my head. And, you know, all of these things and
Lauren Kelly: And just being 100% focused on Paul and I at all times is not doing that, you know,
Lauren Kelly: That's all I know. So, thoughts, feelings concerns. I don't maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you are exactly where you need to be and focusing on yourself right now and getting your life together and doing it in a healthy manner is the best thing that you can do for you right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know that it's whatever is going to happen between you and him is going to happen, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Lauren Kelly: Like the God grant me the serenity to like accept the things I cannot change because that's so hard for me to let control like
Lauren Kelly: Lakota control.
Lauren Kelly: I've seen that in group yesterday, like that whole stuff about like releasing this to God's will. Like I keep thinking my recoveries in my hands or whatever. But it's really hard for me to say like, no, I'm just giving that control up, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is
Lauren Kelly: My relationship like I want to feel like I can fix this. I can fix this and I'm just finally realizing like this is completely out of my
Lauren Kelly: Hands like there's
Lauren Kelly: Literally nothing I can do. At this point, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing that you haven't already done. You have to remember that you have really done a lot to try to help fix what's happening. And you, I want you to hear me. When I say these words, Lauren, because you do not deserve to be continually beaten up over something that you're changing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, now that you're focusing and put yourself first, and trying to get your life together, which is where you need to be. I mean, your progression from from the first time that you and I met from the first time I saw you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is amazing myself and the doctor were just talking about that yesterday after group. You know how great it is to see you go from doing this to save your relationship to doing this to save yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's amazing, because that's exactly where it should be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, by doing that, you're saying, you know what I matter and I deserve to have a sober life you don't deserve to be been beaten up continuously over things that you've had that have happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just like he doesn't. It's happened it's over with us, you know, left it in the past. He is not so it's his
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Turn to figure out what he wants and what he's going to do in the meanwhile, what you're doing is focusing on you getting your life together, becoming the best Lauren that you can possibly be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly where you should be. It's important, your recovery has to come first, it has to come before a relationship and has to come before job it has to come first and by you doing these things you're saying
Lauren Kelly: Oh, sorry. I was gonna say, I remember telling him when I had first frankly in that like the way I always was with his kids of his kids came first, like it over me over everything else. I said, like that's what recovery is to me recovery is like my kids like that.
Lauren Kelly: Will always come
Lauren Kelly: I don't care if like we have an anniversary. We're supposed to go to dinner, but I want to go to a meeting that day. I'm going to go to meeting that day. You know what I mean like I that
Lauren Kelly: As we always make your customers feel for me recovery is that, you know, and they still feel that way. Like, that is my one thing that comes above all else, you
Lauren Kelly: Know, sorry to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just want to tell you that we see that I see it, the doctor sees it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With the progression of your recovery what you're doing, how you're pulling your life together. You know, you could still be sitting, you know, in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the in your car, saying, I don't know what I'm going to do if this relationship doesn't work out, I don't know what I'm going to do, and that's not where you're at. You're saying I gotta get my crap together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got my driver's license. I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, doing these things. I've got to look for a place to live. You've got your priorities in order to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just kind of this is a piece of letting it go and letting letting you know God do whatever it is, he's going to do for your relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it's meant to be. It's still going to happen. You have to know that. But if it's not meant to me meant to be. It's not gonna and Morgan is going to continue trudging forward working on herself and getting her life together for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you think about a healthy relationship is two healthy people. Right. Both of them have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their friends. Both of them have their jobs, you know, their own stuff. And when they come together, they don't stop being individuals. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're now individuals together yeah right intertwined. So that's what you're working towards is becoming that one individual.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: for yourself and for, you know, whatever relationship comes down your road, whether it be with Paul or not Paul. But getting to a point of accepting that you cannot change where he's at. And working on yourself is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mind blowing and so awesome to see because that's exactly where you need to be exactly where you where you need to be
Lauren Kelly: A little bit too because it's like, you know, giving up that like you can't do anything. You know, longest time I thought I could do something, just like I can't fix this, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you can't. But that doesn't mean that there is going to be an end. It just means that you've done all that you can do for it and now
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're letting the Universe come in and say, let us work on this. You never know. You know what's going to happen. We don't have, you know, a looking glass into the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we can do is just work on ourselves on a day to day basis, work on pulling our life together. Work on pulling our mind together healing from the things that have happened in the past. These are the things that help us become a whole healthy person right
Lauren Kelly: And keep telling myself both the Serenity Prayer and then also that saying of like
Lauren Kelly: I know it's a super old corny saying but like
Lauren Kelly: If you love something like let it go. And if it's meant to be, it'll come back. If it doesn't, it wasn't ever years in the first place, you know, and so I keep saying that like
Lauren Kelly: For all I know, this was never been mine in the first place, you know, or maybe it comes back, you know, but I just have to like release it and just
Lauren Kelly: To what's best for me every day and not sleeping and not eating because I'm waiting for
Lauren Kelly: A PHONE CALL. I'm waiting for him to reciprocate some love that he's just not going to do because he still wants to punish me or whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: It's just fucking killing me. And I just can't do it anymore. I just I can't and. And again, I still have that pole that when I say things like that. That tells me in the back of my head, but you deserve it. You deserve a like you did all these things, but I
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, I just like what you said earlier was really powerful to me like I don't deserve to to be constantly be enough for things I'm changing like I never thought of it that way, but that's that's
Lauren Kelly: Really helpful because it's not like I'm just sitting there.
Lauren Kelly: In the behavior and being like, Oh, this sucks, but I'm still doing it. You know what I mean like I actually am changing it, I'm doing like the living amends. I'm doing
Lauren Kelly: The actions, not just the words I'm not just talking the talk I'm walking the walk. I'm actually doing these actions.
Lauren Kelly: myself in the mirror because like I can honestly tell you there's not one thing I've lied to him about there's not one thing I'd like to anybody about like week since the whole
Lauren Kelly: Era thing happened you know and and you know I just feel like for the people that are going to be in my life going forward.
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to be a really great friend. I'm going to be a really great daughter, I'm going to be a really great sister. I'm going to be a really great like girlfriend or spouse one day.
Lauren Kelly: And those people are going to be like lucky to have me it maybe not right now. Well, so working on myself but
Lauren Kelly: You know, and if Paul is just too upset by the things that happened, the past and he doesn't want to be a part of that or see that, then that's that's his own decision. And I can't change that. But I know that I'm going to be a better person, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My life. Exactly. And what a great again. What a great place for you to be. Does it hurt because of the distance. Yeah, it does. But coming to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That place of acceptance, knowing that you can't fix anything that it's up to him to make the decision to want to, you know, heal and work through and forgive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's up to him, you know, but you also, you know, in this whole thing just remember that he plays a part in it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just don't ever forget that you have your part in this whole thing, but he's also he's had his part in it too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's not just for giving you, but it's also changing his stuff as well. Right. And it's never ever ever okay to put his hands on you know if ands, or buts never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's something that he's got to come to the realization about to he's got to own it and realize that that's an acceptable behavior.
Lauren Kelly: That's what I was thinking about that when I was thinking about how you know we had those four great is the other after my surgery and then like the very last thing Sunday night that he wanted to bring up is like
Lauren Kelly: You know, the way I used to use men and how you say it, buddy, which is, to me, the most disgusting horrible thing that you could ever bring up to me, it's
Lauren Kelly: Like relive all of that and relive all those horrible feelings of like low self esteem and feeling worthless and the dark place. I was in and all those things and
Lauren Kelly: I was thinking about like what
Lauren Kelly: Like I get that he needs to talk through these things. But we've talked through them. We talked to them. We talked to them answered these questions. There is no new information there.
Lauren Kelly: So why would he want to just punish me for like the worst thing I ever did. And I was thinking about, like, what if I punished him and brought up all the time.
Lauren Kelly: To him. The worst thing you ever did. And I was thinking about that moment. What if I brought up him all the time.
Lauren Kelly: How do I know you're not going to put your hands on me again. How do I know like that would kill him if I brought that up all the time, but like I don't do that. You know what I mean, like, there's just so many things like I could have done and
Lauren Kelly: Questions I could have asked the things I could have said and done that I had every right to but I don't do that, you know, and that's why it makes me kind of think like
Lauren Kelly: We love differently and we forgive differently. And I almost feel like the love he's capable of and the forgiveness is capable of is it might not be
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. Worse, it's the right term, but I'm not willing to like love someone like like
Lauren Kelly: Wholeheartedly like with everything in me and be able to forgive them and do all that, if they can't do the same, you know, I mean, and I feel a
Lauren Kelly: Call. It's always done his term his way and he's going to be the one to be able to do, which you know mistakes are bad, and which ones are good and I'm going
Lauren Kelly: To guess that the bad ones are always going to Laurens column and the good ones are always going to fall in his, you know what I mean. And, and I just can't have him be
Lauren Kelly: The judge of everything good and bad for the rest of our lives, you know and and on where that falls on the scale because, in my experience, it's always all in one way, you know, and I'm just part of the machine and I've been wanting anymore. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I don't know, I guess it'll be like to see like, does he fight for this relationship does he tried to get through his issues or does he just want to live in them and
Lauren Kelly: And, and, you know, if that's the case, then I can't live in the past, you know, like I that's I I saw a quote the other day that somebody said adult look too hard at my past. I don't live there anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I thought that was like you know that's
Lauren Kelly: Kind of like we, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: As much as. Yes, that was my past, I've done is so not me anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and
Lauren Kelly: Actually segue really quick. I had a conversation with Nico. Last night was the friend that I
Lauren Kelly: Talked to you that had all that anger towards me about everything and and I kept thinking, the more honest I am and where I talked to him the anger will subside, but it didn't.
Lauren Kelly: So I don't know if you remember, but the day that I told him you know I'm a drug addict all about and I said, you know, do you have any questions. Is there anything you want. And the one question I had for me is what am I to you.
Lauren Kelly: And I said,
Lauren Kelly: You know, you're really great friends, you're somebody that you know with with my drug addiction and all the friendships and people I want to leave in 2019
Lauren Kelly: You're one of the few I want every unit 2020 into sober Lawrence life and you're when the people I feel like I owe it to show you know to make living amends to and to show what a good reliable dependable friend I can be and all these things.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so then fast for that was a couple of weeks ago. So then I have my surgery.
Lauren Kelly: He had texted me a couple times, but I was, you know, embed and you know in pain and stuff. So it took me a couple of days to get back to him. But this week I've had texted me a couple times and he could just want to say hi. See, are you doing whatever
Um,
Lauren Kelly: So, yesterday I thought of him and said, Hey, Nicole, just wanted to say hi and how's your day at work.
Lauren Kelly: You know, it just want to see if you want to hang out sometime soon. And he's will went in and I said my next couple days are really busy, but, um, maybe Thursday or Friday.
Lauren Kelly: And then he said, Well, I work Thursday or Friday. And it's like, yeah, I know you work, but like, obviously you have
Lauren Kelly: You don't work 24 hours, but whatever. But I, you know, he was kind of giving me attitude which is it's always the super emotion like he called his email responses. Because like
Lauren Kelly: It's always just this like, Oh, poor me kind of thing. So what are their Friday or Thursday or Friday. Okay. Well, what about this weekend.
Lauren Kelly: Who work this weekend to and the music. Well, what about tomorrow. What about the next day. I'm like, Well, you know, I
Lauren Kelly: As I told you I have things going on that day and and he's like, What are you doing, I'm like, Well, I'm going to a meeting and I am working on the storage unit. And I'm voting and, you know, doing all these things. And then, and then, and then he texts me. Um, I just got to ask you, like,
Lauren Kelly: Was like
Lauren Kelly: I just been thinking about this all day every day for the last like several days. What am I to you.
Lauren Kelly: And I said well you know I I answered that question, like in depth. You know, I didn't just say, oh, a friend and move on. I think I spent 15 minutes answering that question, but he asked me of like you know how important his friendship was to me and and
Lauren Kelly: You know that I wanted to show him what a good friend that can be to him and not to make a living and, you know, and I
Lauren Kelly: And I said, you know, Nick. What's odd to me that you would tell me you're sending every day for the last week. Asking yourself a question I
Lauren Kelly: Answer very, very clearly, I thought, you know, and I said, I said. I said do not remember my answer from two weeks ago. Are you hoping that asking it a second time will will give a second answer.
Lauren Kelly: Or a different answer is that, and he didn't answer for like an hour.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, Nico. This is why it's so hard to have adult conversations with you because you want to like throw stuff out at me. But the second I asked you a question or there's a dialogue if also you disappear, you know,
Lauren Kelly: You see all that, like, not if you if you get to ask me questions I get to ask you questions to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and
Lauren Kelly: And my only question I didn't say in a mean way was just do either not remember our conversation from a couple of the so his if that's the case, I'll gladly tell you again.
Lauren Kelly: Or are you hoping for a different result because that that's, you know, you can ask me this question 100 times change and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. And, and, you know, he said, Well,
Lauren Kelly: And then he sent me some text and said well you know I got lied to at work by somebody. My parents treat me like shit. I just don't know what to think anymore or something. And I said, Well, you know, I'm sorry that you're having a tough week but
Lauren Kelly: I have not lied to, you know, since I've been clean. I don't think it's quite fair for you to take that stuff out on me, but I'm you know I'm you know I'm I forget. So I'm trying to think of how it transitioned into
Lauren Kelly: Oh, so then I asked that sort of way. So I asked him, your question of, I said, let me ask you this. What are your expectations, you know, for our friendship.
Lauren Kelly: And he said the same thing I told you back in August. Well, August was like two weeks after my dad died. I was in the depths of my additional. I'm like, and I said, you know, before I was on a lot of drugs. Back then, my dad had just said.
Lauren Kelly: I honestly don't remember our conversation in August. What are you talking about, and he said when I told you I wanted to be in a room.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I said, Well, I'm really sorry, but I said I need to tell you that friendship is all that I have to offer to you and
Lauren Kelly: And I can be a kick ass friend I can be a great friend I can be reliable dependable, I can be all these things and and I can't wait to show you, you know, when you need a favor. You need a ride to the airport.
Lauren Kelly: I'm your girl, you know, like, I can't wait to show you I can be on time. I can do these things I can be that person that you were ready for so long, you know, and I want to do those things, but
Lauren Kelly: You know, at the end of the day, friendship is truly all that I had to offer. And then he basically wrote back and said,
Lauren Kelly: Like just right now. Or like, for good or something. And I said, again, Nico friendship is all that I have to offer, you know. And he said, well, with just with me or with anybody else or something and it's like
Lauren Kelly: What do you want me to stay. You know, I just don't want to be with you. You know what I mean. And I said,
Lauren Kelly: You know, Nico i i don't know i could be in a relationship again one day down the road. I do know that early in my recovery. I need to focus on me.
Lauren Kelly: But that's not that's not what's going on here. I know that as far as you and I are concerned.
Lauren Kelly: Friendship is that's all that I have to offer you and and if that if you don't want a relationship with me if it's not a romantic when i is it basically anytime that I'm with you. There's this lingering
Lauren Kelly: Feeling intention in the air that there's something you want for me that I'm not giving you and it's just always there and it's never not there. And I said, You know, I need to be honest with you, like, that's an uncomfortable feeling for me and
Lauren Kelly: It's never going away. It's this always this feeling that you know that there's more that you want for me. And so I said,
Lauren Kelly: You know, I would love to move forward with the friendship. But if it's the only friendship. You can have with me is if it's either romantic or if there's
Lauren Kelly: The chance of there being something romantic down the road, then that's that's not fair to either of us because I'm telling you right now all that I have to offer is friendship.
Lauren Kelly: And then he literally starts arguing with him. He's like, what about all those times that like we would say I love you.
Lauren Kelly: You know, before and whatever. And I'm like, I say that to all of my friends like literally my girlfriend's everyone to get off the phone with people I care about. I say I love you know that's something I've always done
Lauren Kelly: And and use it with all those times. Like I helped you out with money and and you would say I love you and and this so and I said you know again.
Lauren Kelly: I was on drugs. I would have said anything for what you know. And I said, I said a lot of things on didn't make sense of all I can do is be 100% honest and transparent with you now. You know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I'm sorry that I misled you I'm sorry that
Lauren Kelly: I probably you know buttered you up a little to, you know, the things that I thought I needed at the time.
Lauren Kelly: It's a disgusting horrible way to be. I hate that part of myself. I hate that I was that person, but all I know is everything I'm doing
Lauren Kelly: Every day now is to never be that person again and and that in my relationships. Now I have to have be completely honest, and that's why I need to have this conversation with you because I couldn't have
Lauren Kelly: A FRIENDSHIP WITH YOU, where there's green
Lauren Kelly: You know, he wants it, but I can't give it to him. Does he know that kind of like I would. Let's just talk about it and put it out there like all my relationships.
Lauren Kelly: I have to be honest about my intentions with them. That's something that I'm doing, you know, with whether it's all whether it's, you know, ego with whatever it is I need to be honest about my intentions and
Lauren Kelly: My honesty kindness with unique is a friendship. But that's it.
Lauren Kelly: And he's like arguing with it's like basically arguing with me as and he is going back to when I'm using who. What about you know when this happened, and it's talking about the depth of me using. And I'm like, again, Nico. I was a drug addict. Like, I don't know what
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I said, Honestly I'm getting the feeling
Lauren Kelly: Of by this conversation that you don't like the new strong, healthy, Lauren, I, I'm kind of getting the feeling, you'd like the needy drug addict Lauren better that lied because
Lauren Kelly: That one kind of gave you fulfilled your needs a little more, you know, and I mean because that one would kind of, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Make you feel like not like there was a chance because I was always very clear with them that I was only going to be his friend, but like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I think, you know, I wasn't this brutally honest. You know what I mean. And so I think there was always that chance. And I think I cut in his head. And I think I kind of use that to my advantage in my drug, you know, in my
Lauren Kelly: Um, but now I need to be honest with you about that and yes I do love you as a friend and yes I do care about you and want a friendship, but
Lauren Kelly: For you to keep bringing up the things I said in the depths of my addiction. Like, I can't explain them. I can't justify them and they to be honest with you. They weren't real things. Those were drug
Lauren Kelly: Things that I said to get what I you know I'm and and yeah and he just kept bringing this stuff up and and so and it oh yeah and earlier.
Lauren Kelly: Earlier, when I first contacted him to tell him.
Lauren Kelly: To say, Hi, I'm thinking of you. And that's why I thought this whole conversation was so funny the way it went because
Lauren Kelly: The whole conversation started for me, reaching out to my friend to say hi, I'm thinking of you. Do you want to hang out soon.
Lauren Kelly: And that turned into what MIT you and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And did it. And it's like, dude, you're, you're mad at the wrong person here because all I did was shredded like
Lauren Kelly: Say hi, and be a friend and you and all this anger again comes out.
Lauren Kelly: And and when we were when we were talking about that earlier. And he was saying a little, are you available this there that day. What about today. And I said,
Lauren Kelly: Oh, you know, I just left the MB. I just got my title in my name, I've got my license back
Lauren Kelly: I said, like all these great things that have happened over the last couple days and he literally didn't respond to any of the interest that was when the well what am I to text. And I said,
Lauren Kelly: You know, the things that show me that you don't care about being like a friend to me or when I'm telling you these great things that I'm doing. And these huge things he's like he knew I needed to get my license back for years. He knew all these things. So he should
Lauren Kelly: To be the first, like, Oh, that's awesome. You know, the way any of my other friends would
Lauren Kelly: You don't care about anything that I'm doing all you care about is who am I to you and and how am I going to get what I want out of her and whatever. And that shows me like
Lauren Kelly: You're not being a friend and you don't care about friendship. All you want is what you want out of me. And if you can't get that you're done.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and then and then
Lauren Kelly: He sent me some really like rude text back and
Lauren Kelly: I think was like when the last things I said to him, was I think that you'd like to be better as a new drug addict and as an honest healthy for
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I'm sorry that the is healthy. Warren is telling me things that you don't want to hear, but I can go to bed tonight and look in the mirror, knowing I was honest with somebody, you know, and that and
Lauren Kelly: Oh, yeah. And he said, What about like the money I spend on you. I'm in debt. Now because this and that. And I said,
Lauren Kelly: It, you know, because I fell in love with you and blah and I said people. I'm so started that you fell in love with me but like
Lauren Kelly: You can't hold me responsible for you falling in love with me when we had hundreds of conversations, even in the depths of my addiction, where I told him this isn't happening. This isn't happening. This isn't happening.
Lauren Kelly: So I kind of feel very little guilt that you like telling yourself. Oh no, but it will. Oh no, but it will. Oh no, but it well you know like
Lauren Kelly: That I know I was clear about for years, um,
Lauren Kelly: So, and then again like the decisions like those times that I said, hey, I need you know $200 for groceries and gas or whatever and you gave me that $200
Lauren Kelly: And yes, I did go and spend it on drugs that like, now you're mad at me for all of that know and I get that, you know, I was just honest with you about what it was, but you still made an adult decision. You know what I mean. And so like
Lauren Kelly: To me, I don't think that like I'm responsible for the fact that you fell in love with me and helped me. You know what I mean like I do.
Lauren Kelly: In those sorts of things. But like he's like angry with me for this and like you made me fall in love with you. Now I'm in this sad situation and blah, blah. And it's like,
Lauren Kelly: You know, this is a 30 year old man, we're talking about not a kid. You know what I mean, like, it's
Lauren Kelly: I never went in your wallet when you weren't looking. I never took a credit card and charged it. I never
Lauren Kelly: There was ever $1 that like we didn't talk about and you gave me what I spent it on was different. And yes, I am 100% only in that
Lauren Kelly: But, and that was horrible. And that was wrong, but that I didn't like, I don't know. So it's just, again, there's just still so much anger and then when I woke up this morning there. I had
Lauren Kelly: A text from him so. Oh, yeah. So the last thing I think I said I tried to wrap it up on like a nice way. And I said, I still I still care about you and what nothing but the best for you. I'm sorry I couldn't be your girlfriend, but I can be one hell of a friend.
Mm hmm.
Lauren Kelly: And no. And right before I said, I've never had someone be so angry at me for being honest with them.
Lauren Kelly: It's like, you like to be better when I was in a drug addict. Now that I'm doing things and trying to move forward and you can't even be happy for me.
Lauren Kelly: You are not acting like somebody who cares about me at all. You were acting more like a person that is possessive over me for some reason it doesn't make any sense.
Lauren Kelly: And so this morning when I woke up, I had a text from him saying sorry for getting mad, but now that everything is there between us. I promise I won't snap like that again.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if my feelings for you will ever go away. But you're the only person in my life that I can talk to and confide in about everything. It may take some time. But I hope you'll still be that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, I only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like he finally came around to acceptance, but you've just got to keep you know those hard boundaries with him, period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: He's really good at pretending like he accepts things and not because again, like, even in my drug addict phase I would tell him I can't be
Lauren Kelly: You know it. We're not going to be in a relation for not trying for a relationship or not and and he would still feel those so
Lauren Kelly: He's very good at like telling me what he thinks I need to hear. So, so he can brush it away, but like, so it'll be the actions like let's see. Let's see how this goes. You know, but
Lauren Kelly: Like last night, I was really in the feeling that, like, because I think I told you when this offers happened, but I don't know that there is a friendship with Nico. That is that
Lauren Kelly: I don't know that there's an actual friendship that could exist without like him having what he wants the romantic rich, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: So it'll I think in the next few weeks or months we'll see that here. If that friendship can happen, or if there's always going to be that lingering I want more from you. And if you can't give me that you're a bad person.
Lauren Kelly: And, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Happy in these great things I doing in my life. You can't even acknowledge them. You can eat like that's not you being a friend that's you be mad that I'm not your girlfriend.
You know, I mean,
Lauren Kelly: Again, I'm early stages of recovery and here you are getting mad at me because I won't be your girlfriend right now like clearly. You're not even trying to understand what's going on because
Lauren Kelly: I shouldn't even be talking about this stuff right now. You know what I mean. And, and, and again, you're not hearing me, I'm telling you, over and over again. I can't be with you and your. What about what you said to me, a year ago when you were a drug on what about it and he
Lauren Kelly: Laid out a you don't like I don't know how much work there. It can be with you that I was fucked up in the head. You know what I mean. And I
Lauren Kelly: Probably still am a little bit, but I'm I can at least see things a lot more clearly. Now you know and and it can like truth. It's really hard to be honest with people sometimes a bit like at least I'm doing that now. You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: I always kind of had this feeling of like you can't be mad at someone who's being honest with you, but I mean, apparently I'm learning. Again, I guess, but
Lauren Kelly: Hopefully he'll at least respected when they and no like Seattle to be two different person instead of just because I couldn't like I haven't asked people for money in
Lauren Kelly: God, six months. Like, even before I stopped being an addict. You know, so he has to see a change to me the old me would almost every day.
Lauren Kelly: Be texted him with some new sob story or some new thing. You know, like you have to see the differences in me. You know, I'm not asking anything. I'm only offering you friendship. I'm offering you
Lauren Kelly: You know answers to any questions you have explanations. I'm offering you the time to
Lauren Kelly: You know, help give you clarity on anything you need clarity on like all I'm doing is trying to offer you things. I'm not trying to ask for anything from you, you know, and I mean I haven't even asked for forgiveness or anything like that. I'm just trying to
Lauren Kelly: offer you anything that you need to be able to move on or get clarity or whatever, you know, so
Lauren Kelly: Um, you know, and you see me putting these pieces in my life back together. And again, you're not happy for any of that. It's all just about what, what about what you told me when you were a driver. I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Okay, what can we ever get past when I was a drug addict and when I was back then because none of it really counts for anything. To be honest, in my mind, you know, and I'm sorry that
Lauren Kelly: That that I'm misled you in any way that you feel that way. But I'm telling you, 100 for the hundred time that like those things were not the truth. Those were not
Lauren Kelly: That's not who I am and all you can do show you who I am now with your head, you know, and in an open heart and and you know an honest heart and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: That's all I can do. And if that's not good enough for you, then they have. I don't have anything more to, you know, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah, you'll definitely see how it goes. But, you know, setting down those firm boundaries with that guy is the best thing that you can do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might take a while for him to get to a point to realize that there won't be anything at all. It sounds like he's definitely had blinders on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and been in denial, you know about what your relationship with him really is. But again, that's on his part, you've done your, your part, your side of the street is completely clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So now you've got to let him go through his process, you know, definitely, and let him, figure out what it was, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I i think i always kind of like pussyfooting around that conversation and kind of all, you know, I was always honest when I never was straight up like it's a never happening, you know, but I finally did that last night so
Lauren Kelly: Whether he can be my friend, again, or not at least now he knows the terms you know and
Lauren Kelly: That's what it is. And again, I almost feel bad. I almost feel like I'm not in a position to call out terms because I'm the one that, but at the same time I, what am I supposed to do, be your girlfriend and sleep with you to make people better like that. That's not what I'm going to do either.
Lauren Kelly: You know, so I'm the only thing I felt like I could do is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And here's something else change that thought that you just said you don't deserve.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you deserve to have all this backlash and that you don't deserve to be able to set boundaries because that that's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who you are today is somebody completely different than you were back then you have every right to set boundaries with people every right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is something that when we're using we have somebody on the hook and we were their friends. But you know what we get from them is this financial peace that helps us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, fuel our addiction. You know what I mean, you can't tell me that there are not most people in their active addiction have those go to people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we're not alone. You know what I mean. And for him to get to that piece when you've made your amends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're doing the right thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's all on him your side of the street is completely clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just keep it that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what a great day. You're setting boundaries, left and right. What is up, you're killing it.
Lauren Kelly: Am I right.
Lauren Kelly: I wanted to talk to you about
Lauren Kelly: It's just so tomorrow is my dad's first birthday, since we last
Lauren Kelly: kind of sad about that. I'm just
Lauren Kelly: I'm not worried about using or anything like that. Um, if anything, it gives me more strength, not to use because
Lauren Kelly: I think I told you one of our sessions how when my dad died in June.
Lauren Kelly: It was right. It was when I was really realizing, like how bad my addiction was and how much you know I lost and how much it was affecting life and
Lauren Kelly: And when we buried him. I went before I left town. I went to the grave and to spend like an hour and a half with me tonight.
Lauren Kelly: It was the first time I like admitted to somebody and they know
Lauren Kelly: My dad, and from that was the first time I actually set out like I have a problem. And I, I need help, you know and and I promised my dad, I would get help. I didn't know when I didn't know how, but I promised him. I was going to deal with it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: So more than like Paul or anybody or
Lauren Kelly: That's been kind of like a driving force of, like, I honestly like my dad sees it and
Lauren Kelly: I grew up, like in this Mormon household where if I wasn't Mormon, they couldn't be proud of me. My parents had both never said the words I'm proud of you. To me, my life.
Lauren Kelly: I always hoped it would happen. One time before they died. So when my dad died and it never happened. It was really sad to me. And I don't know if this is me just having
Lauren Kelly: It like trying to believe something into existence or something but like I honestly feel like my dad is like watching this and is proud of, you know, so if anything, his birthday is more of a reminder of why I'm doing so it's not like I'm worried about using but you know I'm just
Lauren Kelly: Again, I am still like very lonely in this that you know I'm living in this garage. I am alone. I now have contact with all the one place that I go to for, like, you know, love or support.
Lauren Kelly: So you know tomorrow I'm probably just, you know, going to be alone all day, and in my head all day and it's gonna be really rough day and like, I'll call my mom and my brother and
Lauren Kelly: See how they're doing. But, um, I was just wondering if there's like anything that you thought that I stayed healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would if I were you. And what I do is I honor, I do something to honor that person, whether it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something as simple as lighting a candle in your room and saying a prayer or setting setting a balloon off with a note inside of it to that person and something that says, I'm thinking about you and I love you and I still hurt because you're gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to a meeting holding on to your sober support system tomorrow is going to be huge. Even though you're not going to feel like it because you're going to want to isolate you want to, you know, going to want to be alone, but don't. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do things as you've been doing things to honor your dad find, you know, I don't care if you go by a cupcake and put a you know a candle in it and say a prayer or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something that says I love you and it's we get to that point where we forget we don't forget, but we can live with the tragedy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the loss and start working on honoring the memories and that's where you have to have to get to. So when you start honoring somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're doing little things on their on their birthday or their death day that says you're still in my heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I love you and it helps you continue to heal for the loss, you're, you're still in the very beginning phases of your grief with, you know, the loss of your dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've got to remember that you have to be extra kind to yourself. You have to, you know, honor your Dad at the same time. Honor your feelings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And make sure that you're going to meetings and that you're talking about it and you're reaching out to server support system and feel them, but don't sit in them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't beat yourself up with them because honestly right now. I bet your dad is is so very proud of you, Lauren, of where you're at and what you're doing and who you're becoming
Lauren Kelly: I just have a lot of guilt because I wish.
Lauren Kelly: The last daughter, like the last Lauren Esau was like a drug addict, you know, and he didn't know that my parents were Mormons and I used to like they didn't, but I'm sure they knew
Lauren Kelly: My morals weren't great and like something was off by like I made and no Darfur involved or anything, but like
Lauren Kelly: It just sucks like that I had to get clean
Lauren Kelly: Right.
But, and here was crazy.
Lauren Kelly: So sober me you know well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can tell you that I believe my belief system says that he's watching you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that he is seeing the server, Lauren, he is seeing this transformation in this person his daughter becoming who she was always meant to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you have to remember that Lauren, you know, it's crazy when we finally are able to get in recovery and see things from a whole different perspective, it's really not on all the time. We think it is, but it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it's like events you know happen that put us there, but it's really not on our time and even what it should have Quitters never get you anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay, what you're doing now, you have to, to, to close step. Get that foot out of the past and step in this present moment, because this is who you are and what you're doing right now. And that is the most important thing
Lauren Kelly: I remember one time. My mom was talking about this like financially and once you and and he was saying.
Lauren Kelly: Like once the first best time to start saving for your retirement.
Lauren Kelly: 1010 years ago, the first best time was the second best time to start saving for your retirement today, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: It's the same thing with like a fruit tree. What is the best time to plant a fruit tree 10 years ago because then you can have the fruit of it with the second best time today.
Lauren Kelly: I think about that a lot with like my recovery. Like, when would the best time have been to been gotten clean 10 years ago but like the second best time is now.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I mean, and so I'm doing the second best thing I can do, I would have loved to have done it 10 years ago, you know, but I'm doing it now. And that's the second best time, you know, I mean, I might not have been on the first time, but I'm on the second
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and you
Lauren Kelly: Climb.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Over and over again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't beat yourself up for it. Just keep moving forward and honor your dad tomorrow, okay, do something special between you and him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out what that would look like for you for you and do it okay and go to meetings, hold on to sober support, but just walk through it with grace and know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your belief system and my belief system says that he is watching.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and the greatest part about it too is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For me, when people they do pass. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They see the purity in our hearts. I believe that. And she said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The purity in your heart where you're at and what you really want your deepest desires have a better life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I believe that that they we become like transparent to the people that that died. And so, I believe that your dad knows your heart knows that you want something different and sees the work that you're putting into that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's my belief system. Other people might believe differently and that's okay for them. But that is my my belief, definitely. So don't let go of that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to go to more meetings tomorrow and honor your dad and just keep doing what you're doing. Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I gotta go. I got two people in the way
Lauren Kelly: It just really quick. Is there anything else that I should be doing that I'm not or anything else. I'm I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you are, you're, you're like running, you know, through this piece, slow down tomorrow is going to be a tough day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or maybe it won't be a tough day depends on where your mindset is when you get up in the morning right think good thoughts don't think about the past and the regrets. Think of the good memories that you had with your dad hold on to those focus on those. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do.
Lauren Kelly: You thank you for your time.
Lauren Kelly: I really appreciate everything you do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no, I appreciate everything you're doing. Thank you so much.
Lauren Kelly: Thanks for being there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you Monday. Yes.
Lauren Kelly: You definitely have a hobby there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, alright.
Lauren Kelly: Have a great weekend.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, very soon. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I can't, I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, now
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you come back at 1230
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Minutes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come on 30th. Oh yeah, one
Quentono W.E. Neal: Your central hall. Okay. Yeah, do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. In 30 minutes come right back to me. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great. I'll see him.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Huh oh yeah I got you.
Oh,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I remember this time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, don't forget
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in 30 minutes. Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye.
Joel Talbot: Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi. Sorry for making you wait. I was just finishing up an individual session.
Joel Talbot: No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so a bio psychosocial is what we're going to complete today it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really only takes about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 15 or 20 minutes, it doesn't take very long.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, the first question on the bio psych is what brings you to treatment. Now,
Joel Talbot: Well, I'm currently on probation and I've completed a 90 day in patients treatment center and I just kind of want to continue to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. When did you get out
Joel Talbot: January 14
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. And what have you been doing since then.
Joel Talbot: Just working and raising my daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And then the next question is,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any past history with substance abuse treatment or mental health treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just got out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A 90 day program.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do what was the name of that.
Joel Talbot: Four wins.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Four wins. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And is that the only time that you went to treatment.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any mental health treatment.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any, any past suicide thoughts or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Attempt
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know any past homicides Dr attempts know any past self harm.
Joel Talbot: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any health issues.
Joel Talbot: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going back into your history a little bit. Can you tell me a little bit about what it was like growing up in your family home where your parents together where you adopted no
Joel Talbot: No, no, my mom. My mom and dad got divorced when I was three and my mom pretty much raised me. And yeah, that like, my god, can she treated me really well my childhood wasn't bad at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do you have any siblings.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, I have a brother and sister.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was there any substance abuse or mental health in your family unit.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: workaholic behaviors with somebody worked all the time or gambling or any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: sexual addiction anything
Joel Talbot: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I'm going back a little bit further to your school when you were growing up, going to school. Was it tough for you. Did you have issues learning disabilities stitch graduate
Joel Talbot: No, I didn't graduate, but it really wasn't. It wasn't tough for me to learn or anything like that. I just kind of started using drugs really young and I just kept partying from there on out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what was the last grade that you completed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 10th grade. Did you go back and get your GED or anything.
Joel Talbot: No, I'm currently in the process of doing that now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see. And any legal issues going on right now. Yeah.
Joel Talbot: I'm on probation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and past issues.
Joel Talbot: Wait. One more time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past legal issues.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, I've been on
Joel Talbot: I've been on probation and everything since I got on probation first time when I was 14 and then again when I was
Joel Talbot: 2526 maybe and then now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about any financial stressors right at this moment.
Joel Talbot: No, I'm actually doing really well. I'm working my wife's working and we're actually both making pretty good money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, and you live with your wife and your child.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your wife supports recovery, you're recovering
Joel Talbot: Yeah. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Um, tell me what it is that you would like to get out of treatment, working with right heart.
Joel Talbot: Honestly,
Joel Talbot: Just to continue how I
Joel Talbot: Was progressing in in inpatient know like, so I don't get complacent. Now you know what I mean. I kind of want to continue doing different things instead of just sitting around just
Joel Talbot: You know, going back to my old ways. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so what I hear you say is that you want to work on being able to stay sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What specific things, the things that you need to work on.
Joel Talbot: I'm
Joel Talbot: Probably not.
Joel Talbot: Getting bored and having nothing to do. Now, that's, that's my biggest trigger, I guess you could say, not having anything to do and then just getting into my head thinking that I can get away with with using without it hurting anybody, you're getting in trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about while you were in treatment did you develop a relapse prevention plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And do you utilize it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. And are you engaged in any kind of self help groups.
Joel Talbot: Yeah, I go to counseling once a week. Well, it's two sessions I got I got group and individuals. So that's a lot of new okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, an A or a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, nothing like that. Are you planning on getting engaged in any kind of server support system.
Joel Talbot: Oh, I plan to my right now. I really don't have the time with working and Shane home watching my daughter. So I want
Joel Talbot: To go and do that right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll just and this is just information, but you can engage in them online to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just to let you know is right now. Tell me a little bit about your sober support system.
Joel Talbot: Oh, I got my, my wife, my mom, my sister and brother and everything, you know, they like see me sober and they they
Joel Talbot: They give me like good feedback, you know, to tell me that I'm doing good. And they don't just kind of blow it off and ignore it. You know, they kind of acknowledge it as much as they can.
Joel Talbot: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, anybody outside the family unit.
Joel Talbot: Not that I associate with really anymore. No, cuz I I have, I have my child. And I just kind of cut everybody off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about the group that you go to in the therapy that you see. Have you developed any sober friendships during
Joel Talbot: Through that process. No, not yet. No, I just kind of been sitting and listening and talking whenever they asked me questions and stuff like that. You haven't really associated with anybody yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, are you what Dr. Ray working with with us. I think it's Dr on right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. So he's wanting you to to come to group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly, is that correct
Joel Talbot: Yeah. Tomorrow at 730 or seven o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh. Okay, perfect. And you're already seeing a therapist outside of bright heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly basis. Okay, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I think I got all the information that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were kind of pretty pretty forthright and forthcoming with it all.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your bio psychosocial is done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, any questions. Do you have any questions for me.
Joel Talbot: Oh,
Joel Talbot: No, just would this be every Tuesday that we have to do this.
Joel Talbot: No, or this the only time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is the only time this is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just gathering your, your history and your information is all that this appointment was to see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it was that you needed as far as treatment when it comes to bright heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's basically what it is you're already seeing a therapist, you're in group with Dr. Coleman
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You go to another group, you have a therapy of, you know, so it seems to me like you have everything that you need. So working with Dr Omen and continue, you know, going to his group and then go into your group outside
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is really the best course at this point for you. So don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sound like a plan.
Joel Talbot: Sounds like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, thank you for being so forthcoming with your information. I appreciate it.
Joel Talbot: No problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a great day.
Joel Talbot: Thank you, you too.
Okay.